#Lab 2 Discussion 
#####Paul, Archena, Ben - cl270, aa375, bw144

####Part One
1. The XML handler is designed to be completely hidden. It is created in the simulation class and protected such that no other class outside of the simulation is able to interact with it. No other class is ever going to need to use this object again, as it will have loaded the starting data into the simulation if that needs to be rest and all future changes to the configuration will be chosen by the user through the GUI. Meanwhile, the simulation class needs to be accessible enough so that it can specify parameters to the grid and on how to update cells, but it otherwise is hidden.
2. The simulation class will be a superclass that covers the data loading and rule setting behavior of each simulation. Its subclasses are going to actually define the individual rule setting algorithms and carry some of the reference files to change the parameters, functionally representing the behavior or appearing to be a different simulation though it loads the data in the same way. Some of the other groups talked about incorporating this type of inheritance structure into the cell class instead
3. See 1, but the XMLhandler will all be closed. The data holding class -- simulation, in my case-- will be opened to any interactions with the grid and closed to data manipulation.
4. The main errors that we will need to account for are any issues with the XML parsing. If, for instance, a user provides a file type that is incorrect or an XML file that does not have the correct variables, there will be an issue parsing through it correctly. Unknown simulation selections will also need to be handled if we allow the user to choose their own file.
5. We are aiming to have a design that is simple and modular to the point that it can accept new simulation types and be relatively flexible with XML files. Our design is good in the sense that the additional subclasses of the simulation have very limited additional code and limit parameter changes to adding a subclass and making a new xml file. The XML parser is also good design because the elements being parsed have general names that apply to all types that are read by tag name rather than index location and just store the unique values within universal tags.

####Part Two
1. The main dependency that exists is between the simulation type and the correct cell updates. Depending on how we decide to implement this, we will either need to have the simulation subclass dependent on cell subclasses that much be specified or have an updating algorithm that could potentially need to be passed to the cell or vice versa. We also will have values and parameters in the xml file that are simulation dependant, though these can hopefully be generalized, such as assigning colors to indices rather than types.
2. The dependency related to simulation type is behavior specific, the dependency related to passing in parameters is a mix of the two. If handled well it will just be behavioral.
3. We are trying to minimize these with inheritance and using general variables and methods that can work with a list of cells or colors etc that just does the same thing with each cell regardless of the value or the amount in that list.
4. Simulation: The simulation class that we discussed was very different for the three of us. Paul had an implementation that focused simply on handling the data and then passed this to an independent rule class. This helped to divide out some of the code but separated away from the functional behavior of this class. Archena had the cells incorporating the data being passed directly by the XML handler, which allowed them to handle all of their updating themselves (which seems thematically most correct for what a cell object actually should be doing to itself) but required the handler to open its data and pass it on. This could be solved by merging the two methods and passing the data to a storage class and then only giving the cells access to this, though this ends up looking similar to my iteration and just passes off the ruleset to the cells rather than keeping it in house. 
####Part Three
1. Use cases:
2. I'm most excited to create the general structure for the simulation, as this is a chance to create code that cleanly integrates the XML parser and implements the inheritance that we have been discussing in class.
3. The challenge that we agreed was probably going to be the hardest was figuring out how to implement the different updating methods for each rule set. Whether done through the simulation class as in my case or the cell class as in Archena's case, it is probably going to require trial and error here to see which is actually easier to do.
